Okay! I got a pretty simple coding
assignment for you, in this module. So
right now, where you should be at, you
should have Mongo database up and
running on your local machine. Now, in the
resources of this module, there's gonna
be a link to GitHub, for you to
download a Mongo database application,
I've written in Spring Boot. Now, I'm
gonna assume this course is for
experienced Java developers with Spring
experience. You should be able to run and
build a Maven project. So go out and
download that project from GitHub, run it,
and this is a Spring Boot project, that's
gonna come up against the default
parameters for the Mongo database. One nice
thing about Spring Boot is that it's
gonna start off and look at the
default stuff for Mongo, and connect out
the database, that we have running inside
of Docker container. Now, if you go over
to port 8080, you'll be able to see the web console. You'll be like
persist some data right to the
Mongo database, and be able to see how
that works with Spring Boot. And now, in
the next section, I'll step you through
all the step by step.
I'm downloading Spring Boot from GitHub
and connecting it to a running Mongo
database container.